[Make a copy of this document]
Submission Document - Design a Data Warehouse for Reporting and OLAP
Please include all of the required screenshots and SQL queries in this document. Resize the images as necessary to ensure the texts are readable.

A. Staging
1. Data architecture diagram showing all 8 files pointing to staging database to Operational Data Store (ODS) to Data Warehouse (DWH) to Reporting
You may create the diagram in Lucid.app, Draw.io, or similar services online.

 2. Screenshot showing the tables in the staging schema after extracting 6 Yelp files
The screenshot should have 6 tables with the correct respective row counts.

 
3. Screenshot showing the tables after extracting 2 files into the staging schema
The screenshot should have two tables - temperature and precipitation.
 
B. Operational Data Store (ODS)
1. ER diagram that includes one-to-one and one-to-many relationships for tables: Business, Customer, Tips, Review, Precipitation, Covid, Check_in, Temperature

 2. SQL queries that transform staging to ODS
 
3. Screenshot showing the queries were used successfully to transform the staging data to ODS

 

 
 
 


4. SQL queries that use JSON functions to transform staging data from a single JSON structure into multiple columns for ODS

 
 
 
 
 
 



5. Screenshot showing the queries were used successfully to transform staging data from a single JSON structure into multiple columns for ODS


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
6. Screenshot showing different sizes/row_counts of raw, staging, and ODS tables in databasE
 
Raw:
 
 
 


Staging:
 
ODS:
 

7. SQL queries that integrate the climate and Yelp datasets

 
 
 
8. Screenshot showing evidence that the SQL queries managed to integrate the datasets

 
C. Data Warehouse (DWH)
1. Diagram of star schema with several dimensions and a fact table that connects dimensions

 
2. SQL queries that moves the data from ODS to DWH

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3. Screenshot showing evidence that the SQL queries managed to move the data from ODS to DWH

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4. SQL queries that produce a report showing the business name, temperature, precipitation, and ratings

 
5. Screenshot showing the report produced by the SQL queries above

 
